head	1.1;
branch	1.1.1;
access;
symbols
	start:1.1.1.1 tg:1.1.1;
locks; strict;
comment	@# @;


1.1
date	2004.06.12.18.30.12;	author tg;	state Exp;
branches
	1.1.1.1;
next	;

1.1.1.1
date	2004.06.12.18.30.12;	author tg;	state Stab;
branches;
next	;


desc
@@



1.1
log
@Initial revision
@
text
@Gimp-Print is a package of high quality printer drivers for Linux, BSD,
Solaris, IRIX, and other UNIX-alike operating systems. In many cases,
these drivers rival or exceed the OEM drivers in quality and functiona-
lity. Our goal is to produce the highest possible output quality from all
supported printers. To that end, we have done extensive work on screening
algorithms, color generation, and printer feature utilization. We are
continuing our work in all of these areas to produce ever higher quality
results, particularly on the ubiquitous, inexpensive inkjet printers that
are nonetheless capable of nearly photographic output quality.

Despite the name, printing support for The GIMP is only one small part of
what Gimp-Print does, and indeed, the Print plugin may eventually be
removed from the core Gimp-Print distribution. Gimp-Print printer drivers
can be used with all common UNIX print spooling systems, by means of
either CUPS or Ghostscript.

Here is a list of selected features:
* Support for almost 300 printers made by Canon, Epson, Hewlett-Packard,
  Lexmark, and true compatibles.
* The Print plug-in for the GIMP.
* A native CUPS driver, providing simple configuration and operation with
  CUPS.
* A native Ghostscript driver that can be compiled into Ghostscript.
* A new, IJS-based Ghostscript driver that greatly simplifies
  installation for Ghostscript versions 6.53 and newer.
* Complete Foomatic support for simplified configuration with all common
  printing systems.
* Extensive output adjustments offer a tremendous range of adjustment to
  match color, brightness, and contrast.
* Support for a wide range of printer output resolutions, permitting you
  to trade off printing speed against output quality.
* 16-bit precision, producing virtually stepless output.
* Bundled utilities to perform basic maintenance for Epson and Lexmark
  printers.
* Extensive documentation for both users and developers.
@


1.1.1.1
log
@First steps towards a gimp-print port.

Broken:	ghostscript does not come with the IJS tools, and
	I'm not the maintainer of the port where it needs
	to be fixed (maybe just use autoconf for gs?).

Broken:	I'm not going to build and install CUPS in order
	to test this.

Broken:	Neither does the GIMP variant (FLAVOUR gimp1) work,
	because gimp currently segfaults.

Broken:	The GIMP2 variant (FLAVOUR gimp2) won't even start
	to work, because there is no gimp-2.0 port.
@
text
@@
